insulate : 절연처리하다, 격리하다.
 - insulate itself from the risk of a major claims event.
claim events : 청구 사건 (?)
cedes : 양도, 이양
liabilities : 부채, 법적 책임

ceding company(cedent, cedant) : the company that purchases the reinsurance policy.
reinsurer : the company issuing the reinsuarance policy
reinsurance policy : 재보험 증권
solvent : the degree to which the current liabilities of an individual or entity exceed the current asset of that individual or entity.
          (also) the ability of a corporation to meet its long-term fixed expenses and to accomplish long-term expansion and growth.
          (cf) this is best measured using the Net Liquid Balance (NLB) formula.
               - calculated by adding cash and cash equivalents to short-term investments, then subtracting notes payable.
                 promissory note : 약속어음
                   honor a promissory note : 어음을 결제하다.
                   discount a promissory note : 어음을 할인하다.
                   give[issue] a promissory note : 어음을 발행하다.
                   dishonor[repudiate] a promissory note : 어음을 부도내다.
                 note payable : 지급어음
                 cash and cash equivalents (CCE) : the most liquid current assets found on a business's balance sheet.
                   - 현금, 현금성자산으로 기업이 보유하고 있는 현금이나 현금과 동일하게 취급될 수표, 당좌예금, 만기일이 1년 이내인 금융상품 등을 의미 미
mitigation : 완화, 경감
pay a premium to ~ : ~에 보험료를 지불하다.
incur : (좋지 못한 상황을[에]) 초래하다[처하게 되다]
assumed reinsurance : Insurance company that accept reinsurance 
monetoray limits : 금전적 한도
underwriting : 보험업, 증권인수
casualty insurance : 생명/건강/재산 보험과 직접 관련이 없는 광범위한 보험, 재해[상해]보험
  problematically : 의심스럽게, 문제가 있게
  encompass : 포함하다.
  problematically : 의심스럽게, 문제가 있게
  encompass : 포함하다.
  casualty : 사상자
take something on : ~을 맡다, 책임을 지다.
  ex) be able to take on more risk : 더 많은 위험을 감수할 수 있다.
income smoothing : 수입 평준화
foster : 조성하다, 발전시키다 (= encourage, promote)
  foster stability : 안전성 향상
  ex) This foster stability in claim payouts and caps indemnification costs.
      indemnification costs : 면책비용, 보상비용
surplus : 과잉, 잉여
  surplus relief
Arbitrage : 차익거래
cover the risk : 위험을 감당하다.
intrinsic cost advantage : 본질적인 비용 우위
less conservative assumptions : 덜 보수적인 가정
valuing the rish : 위험을 평가
regime : 정권
  a more favourable tax regime : 더욱 호의적인 세금 제도
underwriting expertise : 보험전문가, 보험전문지식
actuarial reserves : 보험계리적 준비금
risk appetite : 리스크 수용범위
  appetite : 식욕

avai
  

